# Elvator_Pitch_Team_2
Elevator Pitch for CS 341 Software Engineering Class. This Pitch Contains the 2 Projects (Yard Sale Locator and Musical Timer). This project is done by Team 2 ; Benjamin Wastart, John Hudson, Rudy Liljeberg, and Shabbar Kazmi.

Ideas
Chore Schedule App
Yard Sale Locator App

No. 1: Yard Sale Locator
Motivation: I want to be able to find or advertise a yard sale because signs are hard to see and put out. This app would be unique in allowing people to find local yard sales easier and allowing communities to share opportunities for sales.

This could be expanded to include any pop-up-shops or temporary stores in the community such as farmers markets.

High Level Functionality / Features:
Publish yard sale details (location, time, price range, pictures, etc.)
Integrate a GPS map with markers for yard sales near you.( Google maps integration) 
Chat feature. (Allowing potential attendees to message proprietors about items, etc.)
Social media integration. (e.g. Facebook)
Reviews for yard sales / shoppers.

Description: GPS-based app specifically targeted towards locating yard sales within a customizable distance from the user. Users would be able to post about yard sales they are conducting, including information such as location, time(s), as well as optional details like a list of available items for sale, as well as accompanying pictures of said items. Users could also leave reviews of yard sales they have attended, rating them from one to five stars along with an optional text portion or users to elaborate on their rating. Features like the ability to message those conducting yard sales, as well as social media integration with apps like Facebook or Instagram would also be present.

No. 2: Music Playlist/Shower Timer
Motivation: I want to have a customizable playlist that also functions as a timer for my showers.

High Level Functionality / Features:

Create a shuffled playlist that has a length approximately close to a user selected length.
Allow the user to select a universal ending song for the playlist.
Implement a standard timer after the playlist ends.
Allow users to optionally choose genre of playlist, as well as artist(s) they want to include.
Pick from a pool of user-submitted songs.


Description: Timer app with music player integration. App would generate playlists based on user-submitted songs, as well as a given user’s timer length and silence buffer settings. Playlists generated by app could range in genre and/or artist, and would be fully customizable by the user. User can also optionally set a song to end every playlist by default, allowing the user to know when their timer is close to going off. Timer component would function similar to the timer in Apple’s Clock app, and would always go off at the end of the set time regardless of whether or not music was playing at the time. Song details could be gathered from a universal database, whereas song files themselves could either be uploaded by the user manually to the app or streamed from a third-party source (Spotify, for example).

Logistics
Discord
Bi weekly meetings on Mondays at 6:30 and on wednesday at 5:30.

